yes people today we change the paddock
rod or popularly star the
called or stabilizer which looks like this
out
they like to suggest they are there
the front axle and at the rear axle
and today we are doing it by example
The 46 offers the vehicle if you can
system has understood one like it
That actually works quite simply
are only two screws then you can
apply this to every vehicle as well
and first and foremost a dry vehicle
open a bit and do it
under yes so the coupling rod sits
now here once moored on
Shock absorbers up here and then go here
down on the stabilizer itself that
are in principle only two screws and
we'll solve them now if you like
Now notice that when unscrewing the
camp behind the paddock itself
with turns then you have to definitely
still fix the bearing behind with a
wrench around the whole then
to screw on properly
and of course that's what makes him the same
down after you screw both now
have solved the top down
then you can just the stabilizer
from a bracket here offers itself
knock out at the top and the new one
use
now comes the new one
stani into play or tie rod this
only then do this below
she screws easily with the new one
Mother and now we have to
because of that I know because the star
how well relaxed he is now
also continued to slide up
call this board or something below
similar to the brake disc below
put the cart in and one piece
Lower the pieces that the shock absorber
a little bit in quotes
a mistake
So as you said, take it now
something stable and here
can leave and you let now
The car down easily
Now you take the stapi to hand
you can see the difference here now
to the hole how much it is about and
this height
Now let the car down to her
the stapi afterwards without problems easy
You can use it all while you do
Now you write that leave you
vehicle exactly in this position
after hanging the coupling rod
screwed both screws now
Again, well, do not forget these too
because they are otherwise in the camp
would go through coupling rods
depending on the manufacturer between me
say 80 even 130 newton meters stand
of course, and of course the same thing
below important please as I said not
take that away
When screwing should the stabilizer
and the paddock rod together
fit that they are relaxed
After that you can get the vehicle again
cancel
the construction with the board or
similar depending on what you think
it needs to be stable
solve the wheel and do it again
the change of the coupling rod is thus
already completed
People as you can see it is
no big story and is
but also the corresponding one
components of the often breaks
but you can not change yourself
problem if you liked it all
of course, then, as always, I'm looking forward to it
About the comment a thumb high who
does not know us now
Here's the yellow subscribe button
thus always stays up to date
come to our left now
last video and that we
Fuel filter on a diesel
changes and right you see if euro
Hüter oil storage are broken all parts
of course I always find if you are now
down on the amber we are depressed
on all social media platforms
wants to follow
he sees the logos now
displayed until next time servus
look at